Software Engineer - Yatra TG Stays Online Pvt. Ltd Bengaluru, Karnataka Currently working as Software Engineer at Yatra TG Stays Online Pvt. Ltd.  with total work experience of 4.6 Years. - Worked as Software Engineer at  Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd through Pyramid IT Consulting Services. -  Exposure in delivering issue fixes in a time sensitive model. - Have  exposure in application development &amp; maintenance -gained strong  experience in database, requirement gathering, development, enhancement  and bug fixing. - Executed various projects using technologies such as  Core Java, MySql, MSSql, Linux/Unix, Shell scripting, Mongo DB queries. -  Have been a part of multiple application software releases &amp;  production issues and have delivered defect free changes. - Strong  communication, collaboration &amp; interpersonal skills with proficiency  in grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilizing them in an  effective manner. - Hands-on experience in debugging production issues and  providing containment/permanent resolution within the SLA. - Undergone 5  months of training in Java/J2EE at Lara Technologies, Bangalore. Willing to relocate: Anywhere Work Experience Software Engineer Yatra TG Stays Online Pvt. Ltd July 2015 to Present Project/Application: Yatra &amp; Travelguru Hotels Team Role: Java  development and Maintenance Description: Yatra.com is an Indian online  travel agency and a travel search engine with many online customers as  well as B2B Partners across all over in India. Project for technology part  is developing &amp; maintaining various front-end and back-end  applications, services, Jobs, Schedulers which are being used in Yatra  &amp; Travelguru hotels platform to make the user experience better and as  well as build a stable system.  Roles/Responsibilities: - Developing  various automation feature in java to reduce the database load and manual  dependency. - Troubleshoot problems and understanding them to provide the  workaround/fix. - Development of database (Jasper) reports which is being  used by various teams and stakeholders. - Involvements in Database  management - Shell scripting, Mongo, Mysql and MSSql DB queries. - Fixing  website issue and coordinating with stakeholders, B2B partners in terms of  technology related issues. - Worked on several production (front-end and  back-end) issues &amp; feature development for Yatra/Travelguru website  which needs existing services to be modified. - Resolving or providing  workaround for the issue with various production API's which is being used  by different meta partners. - Monitoring and analysis of logs to provide  on time resolution. Software Engineer Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd September 2013 to July 2015 Project/Application: Socrates 7 Client: SpecSavers Team Role: Production  Enhancement and Maintenance Description: Socrates 7 is a standalone  application developed in Java which is built for handling customer  information in Specsavers retail stores based in multiple countries.  Socrates 7 handles customer information right from their appointment to  finished frame/lens details including  account details. It is also  integrated with POS system to dispense spectacles in case of framed  glasses &amp; Lens mail order system to dispatch contact lenses to the  customers who prefer contact lenses. The project at Accenture is to   provide production support to the Socrates 7 application &amp; its  associated systems. It includes activities like application behaviour  customization as per client needs, developing the expected behaviour which  is currently not working, integration with 3rd party Lab order processing  software. Roles/Responsibilities: - Study of the requirements, design  documents and understanding them. - Designing of the new implementation,  development and Unit testing the module to roll-out best quality  deliverables. - Attended production issues and assigned requests to  provide a quick workaround. - Involvements in Database management -  writing procedures, shell scripting. - Fixing issue and coordinating with  System integration &amp; testing teams. Skills Ant. (3 years) GIT (3 years) J2EE (4 years) Java (4 years) Mysql (4 years) mongo (2 years) Additional Information SKILL SET   Core Java, Mysql, MSSql, Mongo DB.   Knowledge of J2EE  technologies: JDBC, Struts, Servlets, Spring, Hibernate and JSP.    Understanding of various API's.   Understanding of Software Development  Life Cycle (SDLC).   Aware of build tools such as Maven, Ant.   Aware of  version control tools such as SVN, GIT repositories. Updated: 23 April 2018   Aware of 
version control tools such as SVN, GIT repositories.
Updated: 23 April 2018

