Noida, Uttar Pradesh Willing to relocate: Anywhere Work Experience Software Engineer CenturyLink Technologies Noida, Uttar Pradesh July 2017 to Present CenturyLink, Inc. is an American telecommunications company, headquartered  in Monroe, Louisiana, that provides communications and data services to  residential, business, governmental, and wholesale customers in 37 states. Software Engineer HCL Technologies Ltd Gurgaon, Haryana November 2014 to June 2017 HCL Technologies Ltd, Manesar Gurgaon.    Nov 2014-June 2017  HCL  Technologies offers services including  IT consulting, enterprise  transformation, remote infrastructure management, engineering and R&amp;D,  and business process outsourcing (BPO)    Software Engineer    Excellent  knowledge of software development  and programming.    3 years of  experience in Mainframe Development.    Profound ability to quickly  understand complex mainframe systems.    Superior proficiency with  mainframe application built with JCL, VSAM, COBOL and DB2.    Knowledge  and working on Endevor, Pegasys, Xpeditor, Quality Center, CA tools,  Connect-Direct    Proven ability to work in a high-pressure  environment.    Exceptional presentation and organizational skills.     High written and oral communication skills.    Sound problem solving and  analytical skills.    PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN    Project Name: CASS-TOLL- CABS  Client: CenturyLink  Team: CTLI IT  Size: 13  Role: Development,  Testing, Implementation  Environment/Tool: Mainframe, Pegasys, NDM, PMT,  Remedy    CASS-TOLL-CABS project provides the maintenance to the existing  CenturyLink mainframes system which includes enhancement, optimization,  data fix and code fix.    Project Name: Flood-Re  Client: Direct Line  Group (DLG)  Team: UIS Core Delivery  Size: 8  Role: Development, Testing,  Implementing, Warranty Support  Environment/Tool: Mainframe, Endevor,  File-Aid, Quality Center, Code Manager    Flood-Re has been setup to help  those households who live in a flood risk area find affordable home  insurance. Policies ceded to the pool will be subject to a minimum excess  for flood claims.  Flood-Re is applied only on the particular postcodes  which are in flood risk areas.    Project Name: Home Compulsory Excess Education B.Tech in CSE Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Noida, Uttar Pradesh 2014 CBSE NSVM School Ballia, Uttar Pradesh 2010 CBSE NSVM School Ballia, Uttar Pradesh 2008 Skills Cobol (3 years)  Mainframe (3 years) Updated: 2 April 2018  a, Uttar Pradesh
2010
CBSE
NSVM School
Ballia, Uttar Pradesh
2008
Skills
Cobol (3 years)

Mainframe (3 years)
Updated: 2 April 2018

