Software Engineer - Tarento Technologies Pvt. Ltd
Banglore, Karnataka
➢ Having an over all around 2.6 years of experience in software 
development. ➢ Having around 2.6 years of Strong Experienced in iOS SDK, 
Cocoa Touch, Objective - C, Swift. ➢ Knowledge on C, Linux. ➢ Knowledge 
on Web services/API layer for Server interactions. ➢ XML and JSON 
parsing. ➢ Notification handling, In-App purchase and App store 
submission. ➢ In-depth debugging and testing skills of Mobile 
Applications and Client-server application development. ➢ Knowledge on 
Agile methodology about SCRUM.
Willing to relocate to: Bangalore, Karnataka
Work Experience
Software Engineer
Tarento Technologies Pvt. Ltd
Bengaluru, Karnataka
October 2015 to Present
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE Operating Systems: Mac OS X, Linux, iPhone 
OS. Programming Languages: Swift, Objective - C, C. Tools: Xcode (7.3 to 
9.2) Version control: Git, SVNX
Software Engineer
Tarento Technologies Pvt. Ltd
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE Operating Systems: Mac OS X, Linux, iPhone 
OS. Programming Languages: Swift, Objective - C, C. Tools: Xcode (7.3 to 
9.2) Version control: Git, SVNX
Education
BE in Electrical &amp; Electronics
Vishveshwarya Technological University
Skills
IOS, XCode, Objective C, Cocoa Touch, Cocoa Framework, Swift, Core Data, 
Ios Sdk, iPhone SDK, Mobile Applications, Mobile Application Development, 
IPhone, JSON, XML
Publications
Medipal
https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/medipal/id388140637?mt=8
Medipal helps the end user(patient) to answer questions that their 
healthcare provider (doctor/nurse/physiotherapist) requests.  Answers will 
be available for respective  healthcare provider and may be used as a 
basis for possible treatments. Users can install and try Medipal in a demo 
mode, without having an active Medipal Account. Your answers will be 
available for your healthcare provider and may be used as a basis for 
possible treatments. Contact your healthcare provider and ask him or her 
to create a Medipal Account for you. You can also contact a Medical 
representative directly at Medipal, www.medipal.se. We helped them in 
design, development of entire platform which includes Web, Backend, iOS 
and Android app. Mobile apps were developed consuming medipal API’s. All 
API’s uses encryption to secure user data. handled dynamic questions and 
storing user answers to provide offline support. Custom push notifications 
and reminders to help user to answer medical queries. Localization support 
for most of the languages by using webviews customization. Smart 
remainders to user to check his health related activities.
Mapunity Groups
https://itunes.apple.com/ae/app/mapunity-groups/id1094602497?mt=8

The Mapunity Groups is a Spatial Field Data Collection app.  It allows you 
to mark places of interest on a map as points, lines or polygons and 
quickly post data into Groups and Layers. There are Open, Closed and 
Private Groups that provide different levels of permission in viewing and 
marking them. It allows you to browse view and share the data from Groups 
and Layers of your choosing based on your current location with other 
people. You can collaborate, share and grow your Groups along with people 
who share similar interests.  FEATURES • Groups View My Groups segment let 
you view only the groups that you have created or of which you’re a 
member, while the All Groups segment allows you to browse through all of 
the Groups in Mapunity Groups whether you belong to it or not. Clicking 
takes you to the Group detail view, while left swipe will open up quick 
links to the Post and Layer view. • Group Detail view Displays the details 
of the Group. Describes the purpose of the Groups to allow you to choose 
the right one. It also shows how many Mappers, how many Posts and give you 
a link to all the layers inside the Group. • Layer view This allows you to 
view Layers that belong to the Group. You can choose multiple Layers to 
view or a single one. You are then taken to the post view. • Post 
view Shows all the Posts in the Layer and allows you to go between viewing 
the Posts in a list format or a map format. Default view will be list 
view. • New Post view This lets you mark new Posts to the Layers. • Add 
Timeline post This let you allow to add child post of the existing post on 
the post detail screen. Continued use of GPS running in the background may 
decrease battery life.
mTrac
https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/mtrac/id1017650699?mt=8
A personal tracking app that lets you share your location with friends and 
family for specific periods, at intervals of time specified by you. Simply 
turn tracking on and share using any one of different social networking 
tools. A self-refreshing map view will update your location until you 
either turn tracking off, or at the end of the specified period. Useful on 
long trips, late nights out on travel or simply to meet up with friends in 
the city.  Continued use of GPS running in the background may decrease 
battery life.
iGT Resource
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/igt-resource/id1167410551?mt=8
iGT Resource is an application available to all the resources registered 
within the iGT PaaS platform.   FEATURES: CURRENT STATUS: automatically 
coordinates with your schedule your availability to receive alarms. If 
necessary, it can also be changed manually. FIND TRACKERS: upon pressing 
this button, your smartphone will display a list with all the GPS tracker 
devices, for which you have been approved as an administrator, giving you 
the possibility to direct call the owners and also locate them on a map. 
ONLY the approved administrators have access to these functions. Continued 
use of GPS running in the background can dramatically decrease battery 
life. ALARMS: upon pressing this button, your smartphone will display a 
list with all the alarms accepted by you. For each alarm can be displayed 
information such as: patient’s critical medical data, assigned devices, 
etc., upon pressing the DETAILS button and logging in with your resource’s 
credentials.  All the information is held securely, confirm the Norwegian 
legislation, and is not shared with anyone except the authorised services 
when necessary.  The alarms are assigned to you, as a resource, by the iGT 
PaaS operators, based on your availability, location and type of alarms 
you have been assigned to respond to.

Motech CareClip
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/motech-careclip/id1144492898?mt=8
The app lets you access critical user information from your CareClip and 
your users.  Use the app to acknowledge events, view previously 
acknowledged events, check users information and identify location.  The 
app will send you push notifications for any Panic, Fall, Boundary or 
Battery alerts, so you are always informed and can respond 
accordingly.   The app gives you more flexibility around monitoring your 
CareClip and expands your informal network of care.
mplaces
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/mplaces/id1236678326?ls=1&amp;mt=8
A city is a collection of many different places - homes, offices, schools, 
public spaces and more. Make and share an app for any place in just one 
click, with mPlaces.
Mapunity
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/mapunity/id1003739131?ls=1&amp;mt=8
A personal tracking app that lets you share your location with friends and 
family for specific periods, at intervals of time specified by you. Simply 
turn tracking on and share using any one of different social networking 
tools.
Updated: 18 April 2018

