Software Engineer - Flextronics technologies (India) Pvt ltd
Bengaluru, Karnataka
✓ 2 years of experience in software application development using .Net 
technology solutions. ✓ Having hands on experience in developing 
applications using Dot Net technologies like ASP.Net, ADO.Net, C#, MS SQL 
Server, SSRS. ✓ As experienced, detail-oriented MES with strong problem 
solving &amp; Project management skills. Expertise in MES (Manufacturing 
Execution Systems) Application implementation, SQL Production databases 
and being a part the Team size of (7) MES support Engineer's to resolve 
the day to day Shop floor issues. Flex Flow is a shop-floor control data-
collection system that helps to improve production efficiency. Currently 
working with Flex Technologies in Bangalore. ✓ Extensive experience in 
requirement gathering, implementation, Validation and support 
manufacturing applications in electronic manufacturing company. ✓ 
Consulting: Functional expertise in complete life cycle implementation of 
manufacturing execution systems (MES)  ✓ Strong understanding of BAAN SCM 
modules (Inventory, BOM (Bill of Material), WIP (Work in progress) and 
Purchasing)  ✓ Project Management: Gather project requirements, phase 
deliverables and project targets in direct liaison with client manager. 
Monitor progress and track issues.  ✓ System design: Knowledge of 
Client/Server Architecture, Process control systems and Analysis 
Systems.  ✓ Support: Analyze, prioritize, resolve issues and coordinate 
with on-site support team for major changes  ✓ Providing both on-site and 
remotely supporting to Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata Sites also.  ✓ Experience 
in database administration activities like Installation, configuration, 
Backup &amp; restoring, Database security and Data Transformation 
services.  ✓ Migrating and upgrades the databases.  ✓ Experience in 
creation of user/production databases.  ✓ Regular Backup and testing the 
backup for recovery.  ✓ Experience in generating various kinds of reports 
based on the customer requirement with graphical chart using SQL Server 
Reporting Service.  ✓ Regularly apply the new patches for the SQL 
Server.  ✓ Scheduling / Monitoring DB Jobs ✓ Interacting with clients for 
functional requirements. ✓ Participated in Software Development Life Cycle 
including development, testing, implementation and maintenance of 
client/server and web applications. ✓ Has the motivation to take 
independent responsibility as well as ability to contribute and be a 
productive team player. ✓ Excellent programming, analyzing, interpersonal 
and communication skills. ✓ Good team member, positive attitude and self-
motivated, quick Learner, willing to adapt to new challenges and new 
technologies.
Willing to relocate to: Bangalore Urban, Karnataka
Work Experience
Software Engineer
Flextronics technologies (India) Pvt ltd
Bengaluru, Karnataka
April 2016 to Present
Bangalore Duration: Apr 2016 to Till-date Designation: Software 
Engineer. Clients: HTC, WD, SUN, DELL, CISCO, NSN, LeEco, MICROSOFT, 
LENOVO, VERIFONE, CITRIX, SAMSUNG, ORACLE. Area: MES Implementation, 
Handling Production Databases &amp; SSRS. Environment: SQL Server 2005, 

2008R2, SSRS  ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ➢ Gather project requirements, 
phase deliverables and project targets with client manager to monitor 
progress and track issues. ➢ Preparing test cases with functional test 
scenarios/steps to cover requirements defined in the use case 
documents. ➢ Levels of discussion with Customers to understand the 
requirement for application development. ➢ Involved in functional setups 
of BAAN ERP manufacturing modules (Inventory, BOM (Bill of Material) and 
Purchasing. ➢ Creating, Configuring and Maintaining Routes in flex flow 
(MES application) to Process the Products in Line. ➢ Setting up 
environments for development, packaging, simulation, training, load 
testing and maintaining them with latest release ➢ Modeling and 
optimization of functionalities like repair station, quality alert, audit, 
order board, engine conversion, item assembly configuration ➢ Managing, 
coordinating, planning and executing change request management from 
functional perspective. ➢ Maximum level of Support for MES application to 
maintain the production efficiency. ➢ Providing both on-site (local) and 
remote support. ➢ Coordinates with Global team on the implementation of 
new projects. ➢ Analyze, prioritize and resolve issues. ➢ Experience in 
generating various kinds of reports based on the customer requirement with 
graphical chart using SQL Server Reporting Service  DELCERATION I hereby 
declare that the information contained herein is true to the best of my 
knowledge and belief and that it is subject to verification.  Place: 
Bangalore    (D. BALAJI)
Software Engineer
Flextronics
Maximum level of Support for MES application to maintain the production 
efficiency. ➢ Providing both on-site (local) and remote support. ➢ 
Coordinates with Global team on the implementation of new projects. ➢ 
Analyze, prioritize and resolve issues. ➢ Experience in generating 
various kinds of reports based on the customer requirement with graphical 
chart using SQL Server Reporting Service
Education
B. Tech in Mechanical Engineering in Mechanical Engineering
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
Skills
.Net (1 year)
ADO (2 years)
MS SQL Server (2 years)
SQL (2 years)
SQL Server (2 years)
Additional Information
TECHNICAL SKILLSET  Programming Languages: C#.NET, ADO.NET Scripting 
Languages: ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Database: MS-SQL Server 
2008. Tools and Methodologies: Object oriented programming and methodology 
(OOPM) and SDLC. Development Environment: Visual Studio 2010 Operating 
System: Win 7/ Win XP/Win Server 2008
Updated: 23 April 2018

